Alam waikum
Lekman wa Kader DNA test in cases of
adult and financier instead of four witnesses
Sister Queen wa Kader DNA test in cases of
adult in case of adult in case of sister yes function is of four witnesses
Quran function is protected if it is to give punishment for witness it is compulsory from
DNA testing you can come to know who is the person but yet there are other flat or there the
financier taking place or
not the DNA testing can be additional support
DNA testing can be used for rape
cases in Islamic Sharia a person rape should be put to a had
but if you don't find
four witnesses in case of rape in this case the witnesses are sufficient it can further be
substantiated
by DNA testing also for rape but not for fornication
it can be an
additional proof but by it DNA testing
only can not be sufficient  Of fornication point
number one is for a fornication but naturally it should be that both should agree
to
the haram act then it is a fornication and
adult if one person forces on the other it
becomes rape so in cases of a criminal
act like fornication then DNA testing
alone is sufficient but if it is an
agreement of both then four witnesses is a must because you tell me one thing if two people are there who have
evolved in adultery if they have evolved
in adultery and suppose someone lays an allegation
that x and w are doing adultery let them do
DNA testing why should they agree so to let
a DNA test be done again require
four witnesses because it lays an
allegation against the modesty the moment I am
doing a DNA test that means I am doubting that
Person modesty so to lay an
allegation Quran says four witnesses so if you doubt
Mr.
X and Ms. Y have indulged in adultery or
fornication so first require four
witnesses to do the test even if four
witnesses whether test comes to or not that is
sufficient to substantiate you can do the
test and prove it but point number one how will they
undergo the test you can't pressure any one team to take test why
you are taking
allegation that it is some extra masculine sex lets do
an adultery test how can you do so for that also require four
witnesses but for
rape rape is different rape a lady saying that
the man has done jana bil
jabr she herself is a solid
witness in this case DNA testing can be the
solid proof along with other evidence but for
adultery four witnesses team and according to the
Sharia hope  Question